DevOps/Readme.md, before:

## DEVOPS

## GoLang

- [Learn Go - Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-go)
- [Getting started - Go](https://go.dev/learn/)
- [Go tutorial - Tutorials point](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/go/index.htm)
- [Go tutorial - W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/go/)
- [Learn Go Programming - FreeCodeCamp(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS4e4q9oBaU)
- [Golang tutorial - TechWorld With Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyUHQIec83I)

## Linux Terminal Basics

- [Complete Linux Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwolPf6kN-k&feature=youtu.be)
- [Basic Linux Commands](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2zquYPJbWY)
- [Linux Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBokz0LTizk)
- [Linux Command Cheatsheet](https://www.guru99.com/linux-commands-cheat-sheet.html)
- [Linux Masterclass Course - Apoorv Goyal(YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2kSRH_DmWVZp_cu6MMPWkgYh7GZVFS6i)

## Operating System Basics

- [Introduction to operating systems - Jenny's Lectures(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RozoeWzT7IM)
- [Operating system basics - Geek's Lesson(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-mdtMKfEYM)
- [How do operating systems work? - ClickView(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjNp0bBrjmU)
- [What is an operating system - Techquickie(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVzRTmdd9j0)
- [Operating system tutorial - Tutorialspoint](<https://www.tutorialspoint.com/operating_system/index.htm#:~:text=An%20Operating%20System%20(OS)%20is%20an%20interface%20between%20a%20computer,as%20disk%20drives%20and%20printers.>)
- [Operating System - Neso Academy()](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBlnK6fEyqRiVhbXDGLXDk_OQAeuVcp2O)

## Other Pre-requisites

- [Complete Computer Networks Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPvYjXCsTg8&list=PL9gnSGHSqcnoqBXdMwUTRod4Gi3eac2Ak&index=4)
- [Complete YAML Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA90BTozdow)
- [DevOps Prerequisites Course - Getting started with DevOps] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wvf0mBNGjXY&t=237s)

## Server Management

- [Linux For Server Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsDIz0zKwjs)
- [Ubuntu Server Guide](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs)
- [Linux System Administration Basics](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/linux-system-administration-basics/)

## Containers

- [Containers Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qotVMX-J5s)
- Docker
  - [ Docker Tutorial - Kunal Khushwaha(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17Bl31rlnRM)
  - [Docker Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3c-iBn73dDE)
  - [Learn Docker - freecodecamp(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zUHg7xjIqQ)
  - [Docs](https://docs.docker.com/)
- [Build a NodeJS Application With Docker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsWeSg38XFY&feature=youtu.be)

## Configuration Management

- [Chef Vs Puppet Vs Ansible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TVNCTK808I)
- [What Is Ansible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgQ3rHFTM4E)
- [Chef,Puppet,Ansible Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1s16cYzC10)
- [Ansible Docs](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/index.html)

## Container Orchestration

- Kubernetes
  - [Kubernetes Tutorial - Kunal Khushwaha(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVBON1lA9N8)
  - [Learn Kubernetes - Civo Academy](http://civo.io/kunal)
  - [Kubernetes - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/kubernetes/index.html)
  - [Learn Kubernetes in Under 3 Hours - FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-kubernetes-in-under-3-hours-a-detailed-guide-to-orchestrating-containers-114ff420e882/)
  - [Kubernetes Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X48VuDVv0do)
  - [Kubernetes in 5 minutes - VMware(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PH-2FfFD2PU)

## Infrastructure Provisioning

- [Terraform Tutorials - Hashicorp](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform)
- [Terraform Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5k1ai_GBDE)
- [Terraform Course - FreeCodeCamp(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLB_c_ayRMo)
- [Complete Terraform Course - DevOps Directive(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xngnjfIlK4)
- [What is Terraform - Hashicorp](https://www.terraform.io/intro)

## Service Mesh

- [What Is A Service Mesh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh1YtWjfcyk)
- Istio
  - [Istio Service Mesh Explained - IBM Technology](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zDrLvpfCK4)
  - [Istio & Service Mesh - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16fgzklcF7Y)
  - [Docs](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/getting-started/)
- Consul
  - [Introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHLr8UsHuDA)
  - [Docs](https://www.consul.io/docs)

## CI/CD

- [What Is CI/CD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62N8UiWUdQo&list=PL9gnSGHSqcnoqBXdMwUTRod4Gi3eac2Ak&index=21)
- [Github Actions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8_veQiYBjI)
- Jenkins
  - [Jenkins Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KCS70sCoK0)
  - [Jenkins Tutorial - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jenkins/index.htm)
  - [Docs](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/tutorials/)

## Infrastructure Monitoring

- [Prometheus and Grafana Tutorial - The Digital Life(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TJx7QTrTyo)
- [How Prometheus Monitoring works - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4Sl21AKiDg)
- [Prometheus Docs](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/)
- [Grafana Docs](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/getting-started/get-started-grafana-prometheus/)

## Application Monitoring

- New Relic
  - [New Relic - Amazon Web Services(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU6A-45c7Vs)
  - [New Relic(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/NewRelicInc)
  - [Ingesting OpenTelemetry data with New Relic One - New Relic(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHyopdCfxsQ)
- Jaegar
  - [Getting Started with Jaeger - CNCF(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMZoUIG-mgY)
  - [Jaeger Intro -CNCF(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNqilb9_zwY)
  - [Docs](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.36/getting-started/)

## Logs Management

- Elastic
  - [What is Elasticsearch? - IBM Technology(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZP0NmfyfsoM)
  - [Elastic.co Webinar](https://www.elastic.co/observability/log-monitoring)
  - [OpenDev 10.2017 - Microsoft Azure(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOqWX9JWEYc)
- ELK
  - [Log Management With ELK - cprime](https://www.cprime.com/resources/blog/log-management-elk-and-why-you-should-care/)
  - [What is ELK stack - sematext](https://sematext.com/guides/elk-stack/)
  - [What is ELk? - Tech Primer(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4X0WLg05ASw)
  - [Log Management at Scale with ELK - Logz.io(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuPhf6uL-kE)

## Cloud Providers

- [Civo](https://www.civo.com/docs)
- [AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/)
- [Google Cloud Provider](https://cloud.google.com/docs)
- [Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/?product=popular)

## Sample Project Ideas

- [11 Projects With Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFfo23yIWac)
- [DevOps Project](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxzKY3wu0_FJdJd3IKdiM4Om1hGo2Hsdt)
- [20 Real Time DevOps Projects](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkWRCY_kK0Gh1NTvgHUE0naF4-mOURp7e)

Commit message:

One resource added & Hyper link space issue solved
One of the best Kubernetes tutorials for beginners added.

DevOps/Readme.md, after:

## DEVOPS

## GoLang

- [Learn Go - Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-go)
- [Getting started - Go](https://go.dev/learn/)
- [Go tutorial - Tutorials point](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/go/index.htm)
- [Go tutorial - W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/go/)
- [Learn Go Programming - FreeCodeCamp(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS4e4q9oBaU)
- [Golang tutorial - TechWorld With Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyUHQIec83I)

## Linux Terminal Basics

- [Complete Linux Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwolPf6kN-k&feature=youtu.be)
- [Basic Linux Commands](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2zquYPJbWY)
- [Linux Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBokz0LTizk)
- [Linux Command Cheatsheet](https://www.guru99.com/linux-commands-cheat-sheet.html)
- [Linux Masterclass Course - Apoorv Goyal(YouTube)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2kSRH_DmWVZp_cu6MMPWkgYh7GZVFS6i)

## Operating System Basics

- [Introduction to operating systems - Jenny's Lectures(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RozoeWzT7IM)
- [Operating system basics - Geek's Lesson(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-mdtMKfEYM)
- [How do operating systems work? - ClickView(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjNp0bBrjmU)
- [What is an operating system - Techquickie(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVzRTmdd9j0)
- [Operating system tutorial - Tutorialspoint](<https://www.tutorialspoint.com/operating_system/index.htm#:~:text=An%20Operating%20System%20(OS)%20is%20an%20interface%20between%20a%20computer,as%20disk%20drives%20and%20printers.>)
- [Operating System - Neso Academy()](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBlnK6fEyqRiVhbXDGLXDk_OQAeuVcp2O)

## Other Pre-requisites

- [Complete Computer Networks Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPvYjXCsTg8&list=PL9gnSGHSqcnoqBXdMwUTRod4Gi3eac2Ak&index=4)
- [Complete YAML Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA90BTozdow)
- [DevOps Prerequisites Course - Getting started with DevOps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wvf0mBNGjXY&t=237s)

## Server Management

- [Linux For Server Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsDIz0zKwjs)
- [Ubuntu Server Guide](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs)
- [Linux System Administration Basics](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/linux-system-administration-basics/)

## Containers

- [Containers Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qotVMX-J5s)
- Docker
  - [ Docker Tutorial - Kunal Khushwaha(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17Bl31rlnRM)
  - [Docker Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3c-iBn73dDE)
  - [Learn Docker - freecodecamp(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zUHg7xjIqQ)
  - [Docs](https://docs.docker.com/)
- [Build a NodeJS Application With Docker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsWeSg38XFY&feature=youtu.be)

## Configuration Management

- [Chef Vs Puppet Vs Ansible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TVNCTK808I)
- [What Is Ansible](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgQ3rHFTM4E)
- [Chef,Puppet,Ansible Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1s16cYzC10)
- [Ansible Docs](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/index.html)

## Container Orchestration

- Kubernetes
  - [Kubernetes Tutorial - Kunal Khushwaha(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVBON1lA9N8)
  - [Learn Kubernetes - Civo Academy](http://civo.io/kunal)
  - [Kubernetes 101 for beginners by Saiyam Pathak](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PN3VqbZqmD8&t=7206s)
  - [Kubernetes - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/kubernetes/index.html)
  - [Learn Kubernetes in Under 3 Hours - FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-kubernetes-in-under-3-hours-a-detailed-guide-to-orchestrating-containers-114ff420e882/)
  - [Kubernetes Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X48VuDVv0do)
  - [Kubernetes in 5 minutes - VMware(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PH-2FfFD2PU)

## Infrastructure Provisioning

- [Terraform Tutorials - Hashicorp](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform)
- [Terraform Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5k1ai_GBDE)
- [Terraform Course - FreeCodeCamp(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLB_c_ayRMo)
- [Complete Terraform Course - DevOps Directive(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xngnjfIlK4)
- [What is Terraform - Hashicorp](https://www.terraform.io/intro)

## Service Mesh

- [What Is A Service Mesh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh1YtWjfcyk)
- Istio
  - [Istio Service Mesh Explained - IBM Technology](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zDrLvpfCK4)
  - [Istio & Service Mesh - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16fgzklcF7Y)
  - [Docs](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/getting-started/)
- Consul
  - [Introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHLr8UsHuDA)
  - [Docs](https://www.consul.io/docs)

## CI/CD

- [What Is CI/CD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62N8UiWUdQo&list=PL9gnSGHSqcnoqBXdMwUTRod4Gi3eac2Ak&index=21)
- [Github Actions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8_veQiYBjI)
- Jenkins
  - [Jenkins Tutorial - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KCS70sCoK0)
  - [Jenkins Tutorial - Tutorialspoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jenkins/index.htm)
  - [Docs](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/tutorials/)

## Infrastructure Monitoring

- [Prometheus and Grafana Tutorial - The Digital Life(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TJx7QTrTyo)
- [How Prometheus Monitoring works - TechWorld with Nana(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4Sl21AKiDg)
- [Prometheus Docs](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/)
- [Grafana Docs](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/getting-started/get-started-grafana-prometheus/)

## Application Monitoring

- New Relic
  - [New Relic - Amazon Web Services(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU6A-45c7Vs)
  - [New Relic(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/c/NewRelicInc)
  - [Ingesting OpenTelemetry data with New Relic One - New Relic(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHyopdCfxsQ)
- Jaegar
  - [Getting Started with Jaeger - CNCF(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMZoUIG-mgY)
  - [Jaeger Intro -CNCF(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNqilb9_zwY)
  - [Docs](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.36/getting-started/)

## Logs Management

- Elastic
  - [What is Elasticsearch? - IBM Technology(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZP0NmfyfsoM)
  - [Elastic.co Webinar](https://www.elastic.co/observability/log-monitoring)
  - [OpenDev 10.2017 - Microsoft Azure(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOqWX9JWEYc)
- ELK
  - [Log Management With ELK - cprime](https://www.cprime.com/resources/blog/log-management-elk-and-why-you-should-care/)
  - [What is ELK stack - sematext](https://sematext.com/guides/elk-stack/)
  - [What is ELk? - Tech Primer(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4X0WLg05ASw)
  - [Log Management at Scale with ELK - Logz.io(Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuPhf6uL-kE)

## Cloud Providers

- [Civo](https://www.civo.com/docs)
- [AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/)
- [Google Cloud Provider](https://cloud.google.com/docs)
- [Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/?product=popular)

## Sample Project Ideas

- [11 Projects With Go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFfo23yIWac)
- [DevOps Project](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxzKY3wu0_FJdJd3IKdiM4Om1hGo2Hsdt)
- [20 Real Time DevOps Projects](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkWRCY_kK0Gh1NTvgHUE0naF4-mOURp7e)
