Open-Source/README.md, before:

# Open Source

## Introduction
### What is open source
- [Resource 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msyGybzCKRs)
- [Resource 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c0IrsDsNaw)
- [Resource 3](https://opensource.com/resources/what-open-source)
- [Resource 4](https://www.redhat.com/en/topics/open-source/what-is-open-source)
- [Resource 5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software)
### Open source guide
- [Open source guide](https://opensource.guide/)
### What is Open Source and How Does It Work
- [What is Open Source and How Does It Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4ap0R_OQIE)

## Getting started
- [Complete Guide to Open Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzeVMecydCE)
- [Getting Started With Open Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HqN-YS8eso)
- [Contributing to Open Source for the first time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6b6B9oN4Vg)
- [How to Contribute to Open Source Projects – beginner friendly](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-contribute-to-open-source-projects-beginners-guide/)
- [14 Ways to Contribute to Open Source without Being a Programming Genius or a Rock Star](https://smartbear.com/blog/14-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-without-being/)
- [How to start with Open Source software contributions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tq4RZ-JH6aM)

## Learning Git(version control system)
- [Git documentation](https://git-scm.com/doc)
- [Git tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apGV9Kg7ics)

## Create your first open source project
- [Creating a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/create-a-repo)
- [Starting an Open Source Project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKfl3EQ0twg)
- [How to Start an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-start-an-open-source-project-on-github-tips-from-building-my-trending-repo/)
- [Starting an Open Source Project](https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/)

Commit message:

Add Contributing to open source projects

Open-Source/README.md, after:

# Open Source

## Introduction
### What is open source
- [Resource 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msyGybzCKRs)
- [Resource 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c0IrsDsNaw)
- [Resource 3](https://opensource.com/resources/what-open-source)
- [Resource 4](https://www.redhat.com/en/topics/open-source/what-is-open-source)
- [Resource 5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software)
### Open source guide
- [Open source guide](https://opensource.guide/)
### What is Open Source and How Does It Work
- [What is Open Source and How Does It Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4ap0R_OQIE)

## Getting started
- [Complete Guide to Open Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzeVMecydCE)
- [Getting Started With Open Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HqN-YS8eso)
- [Contributing to Open Source for the first time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6b6B9oN4Vg)
- [How to Contribute to Open Source Projects – beginner friendly](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-contribute-to-open-source-projects-beginners-guide/)
- [14 Ways to Contribute to Open Source without Being a Programming Genius or a Rock Star](https://smartbear.com/blog/14-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-without-being/)
- [How to start with Open Source software contributions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tq4RZ-JH6aM)

## Learning Git(version control system)
- [Git documentation](https://git-scm.com/doc)
- [Git tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apGV9Kg7ics)

## Creating your first open source project
- [Creating a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/create-a-repo)
- [Starting an Open Source Project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKfl3EQ0twg)
- [How to Start an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-start-an-open-source-project-on-github-tips-from-building-my-trending-repo/)
- [Starting an Open Source Project](https://opensource.guide/starting-a-project/)

## Contributing to open source projects
- [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)
- [How to Find Good First Issues in a project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIkkPzTuOXw)
- [How to Open Source Like a Pro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT6M_sqAuZo)
- [How to Understand Large Codebases in Open Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kA1T0zDPtQo)
- [How to contribute to and maintain open source projects with GitHub](https://www.oswc.is/search-projects)
